OSSM-6174 OSSM 2.5 release notes should indicate support from 4.12 and later (#73816)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-rn-new-features.adoc

=== {SMProductName} Operator on ARM-based clusters

This release provides the {SMProductName} Operator on ARM-based clusters as a generally available feature.

=== Integration with {DTProductName} (Tempo) Stack

This release introduces a generally available integration of the tracing extension provider(s). You can expose tracing data to the {DTProductName} (Tempo) stack by appending a named element and the `zipkin` provider to the `spec.meshConfig.extensionProviders` specification. Then, a telemetry custom resource configures Istio proxies to collect trace spans and send them to the Tempo distributor service endpoint.

[NOTE]
====
{DTProductName} (Tempo) Stack is not supported on {ibm-z-title}.
====

=== OpenShift Service Mesh Console plugin

This release introduces a generally available version of the OpenShift {SMProductShortName} Console (OSSMC) plugin.

> The OSSMC plugin is an extension to the OpenShift Console that provides visibility into your Service Mesh. With the OSSMC plugin installed, a new Service Mesh menu option is available on the left side of the web console, as well as new Service Mesh tabs that enhance existing Workloads and Service console pages.

Reviewer: We should revise this, based on this role for "navigation" panes: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#accessibility-visual-info

maybethis, or something like it:

```suggestion
The OSSMC plugin is an extension to the OpenShift Console that provides visibility into your Service Mesh. With the OSSMC plugin installed, a new Service Mesh menu option is available on the navigation pane of the web console, as well as new Service Mesh tabs that enhance existing Workloads and Service console pages.
```
